All right! We're in the same
class again!
Aw I'm stuck with Minoshima?!
Man this really sucks.
Third year... Class D.
Morning, Furukawa.
How's it going?
Oh, good morning Kimura.
It's going okay I guess.
It's a real shame they split us
up this semester.
I haven't taken a look at
your class yet.
So how does it look? Did you end
up with anyone from last year?
Not really... None of the
girls at least.
That's too bad...
Well I'm sure you'll make
friends in no time.
You're cute, so you don't
have to worry.
Uh, thanks, but I'm not so
sure about that.
Anyway, I'm sure everyone
willlove you once they get to
know you a little better so
don't be shy, okay?
For the record, I'm in Class A.
I'll see you later!
Oh... See you later.
Sorry, I wasn't looking.
No problem, it's fine...
It's the first day of thenew
semester and we're stuck with
this crap already. What's the
deal?
You got to admit, our ninja
escape ghosts could use some
work.
[rustle]
What are you doing?!
[groan] This sucks.
I want to go ho-
Oh you think this sucks, huh?
You know what really sucks?
Getting stuck here babysitting
a bunch of goons like you!
Well whose fault is that?
If you didn't want us to get
in trouble like this,
then you should've helped us
escape out the window!
It seems that you don't
understand the concept of undue
resentment!
So please let me teach youby
cracking open your skull, and
pounding it into your brain with
this hammer!
Y-you look like you'd
really do it.
Geez, you see this? Now this is
exactly why I didn't want to be
class rep.
Then it's settled. None of us
want to be here, right?
So let's just shut up and keep
hammering so we can go home
already.
All right smart ass.
What's your name?
Tomoya Okazaki. What's yours?
I'm not telling you my name,
you stupid punk.
Ow!
I told you my name, so tell
me yours!
Nope. I don't want to associate
with people like you.
You've got quite
the personality.
Well look at that. It seems you
have a good eye for character...
If you mind your manners,
perhaps I'll let you to speak to
me after all.
Hey, get back here!
Watch out!
Hey! Get your grubby hands
off me!
What's with that attitude?
I saved you, didn't I?!
But I wasn't worth saving...?
[Kyou] I'm not exactly sure
Ishould thank you, since you
weren't doing the work by
choice.
But either way, I appreciate
the help.
I'm Kyou Fujibayashi.
We're in it together this year.
So try not to give me too much
trouble from here on out.
Fujibayashi? Isn't there a
Fujibayashi in the class next to
ours?
That would be my twin sister.
I know it's confusing, so you
can call me Kyou.
Well, see ya.
So we're stuck with that weirdo
for the rest of the year?
To be fair, I bet she's thinking
the same thing.
Anyway, you got anything you
want to do?
Not really. Let's just hang out
in front of the train station.
Beats going to home at least.
Good point.
[door opening]
Hey, I'm back from school.
Oh, welcome home.
So how was it? Is your new
class okay?
I couldn't really talk to
anyone, so it was kind of lonely
I guess.
What?! Come on! You got to make
a good first impression!
Here, like this. Watch.
What's going down, bro?
This is your home-dog, Nagisa.
Yeah I've got a business
proposition for you.
But I'm going to need a little
down payment first.
Arg! Why couldn't you just
do that?!
That's not really me...
It's not the words that matter.
It's the feeling
you put behind them.
Just bust in there and show
people what you're about!
If you say so, but it took me a
long time to make friends with
everyone my junior year.
It'll probably take a
while this year, too.
You just need to find the
right chance.
I'm sure everyone else
wants to make friends,
so all you got to do is get
someone to notice you.
The right chance, huh? I guess
you're right.
Fine. Looks like I'll have to
teach you my special trick.
Huh?
All right. You know how some
kids will slip up...
and call the teacher
"Mom," without thinking?
You got to use that scenario
to your advantage...
and call your teacher "Ultra
Mom" instead!
I see...
Then the rumors will
really start to fly.
"Did you hear that? I think
Furukawa related to Ultraman!"
"I wonder if she can transform."
"Well let's ask her."
"Hey, what's up Furukawa? Do you
want to eat lunch with us
today?"
Some how I don't think it
would work out like that...
Then how about Plan B?! Give the
kids one of these!
You mean Mom's crab bread?
You can use this
as a kind of test.
You know, like a right
of passage.
Tell the kids that you'll be
their friend if they're hardcore
enough to eat it!
I have to admit it's a pretty
steep hurdle...
So that's it? So that's how
it is?
My bread is nothing but a
right of passage to you?!
Aah no! I love your bread!
Let's go over the procedure for
tomorrow's entrance ceremony.
First, the juniors and the
seniors will take their seats in
the gym.
Then the freshmen will come in
and line up on the sides.
When the ceremony is over, the
freshmen will have an
orientation.
While that's going on, the
juniors and seniors will return
to class.
Now, there's something else I
wanted to mention...
Ultra Mom, I have a question!
By any chance are you related
to Ultraman?
That's so cool!
Please transform for us!
Oh, I called the teacher "Mom"
by mistake, again. I'm such a
ditz sometimes.
[teacher] Try not to be too
aggressive about getting them to
join clubs or committees.
Also, refrain from holding any
welcoming festivities
other than those authorized
by the school.
[footsteps]
Sleeping again, huh?!
Wake up, Okazaki. Fifth period
is about to start.
Geez.
Now that I get a better look at
him, he's kind of cute...
I wonder if he has a girlfriend.
Okazaki, look out!
Hey! What's going on?!
I don't know!
Why don't you tell me?!
Don't play dumb! You were going
to kill him in his sleep,
weren't you?!
No wait! You were going to
pounce on him! Like sexually
pounce on him!
Why would I want to do that?!
You can't fool me. I saw the way
you were looking at him.
You were thinking he was pretty
cute, weren't you?
He may act stupid, but he's
pretty sharp!
If I hit you on the head,
you'll forget everything!
That's a joke, right?!
[groan]
I was trying to sleep, you know.
Okazaki!
That was a close one just now!
If I hadn't of stepped in when I
did, this weirdo would have
sexually-
That should wipe his memory out
just fine.
[Kimura] Furukawa!
Oh, hi Kimura.
Finally caught up with you.
You're off for the day,
aren't you?
Yeah.
By the way, this is a new friend
I met in class today.
We were about to go downtown and
look at some clothes. You want
to come with us?
Huh? You want to hang out
with me?
Furukawa's a little shy but
she's run once you get to know
her.
Come on, let's go.
But we're supposed to go
straight home after class.
Nobody cares about those
old rules anymore.
Come on, let's lighten up
and have some fun.
Okay.
Wow, that's really cute!
No kidding! That's a good
look for you, Furukawa!
I'm getting nervous, you guys.
What happens if a teacher sees
us here and gives us detention
or something?
Don't worry about it.
Just try this on.
Okay...
[whispers] Let's pretend a
teacher's here.
[Kimura] Furukawa, bad news!
A teacher just showed up!
Eep!
[Kimura] We're running away.
Take care of things for us!
No, no wait for me!
Don't do that!
Oh what should I say?! I mean
I've never been in trouble
before!
I'm sorry, I'll go
straight home!
Huh?
Just kidding.
Sorry about earlier.
After what you said,
I just couldn't resist.
It's all right. I was pretty
scared for a second there,
though.
It's a real shame Furukawa.
You're a lot of fun to
hang out with,
but nobody ever notices because
you're so shy all the time.
Just open up a little and I'm
sure you can make plenty of
friends.
I'll try.
Anyway, see ya.
It was nice meeting you.
[Nagisa] I had a fun time with
Kimura and her friend on the way
back from school but...
But you didn't make any new
friends in class, huh?
No...
You've got like, thirty kids
stuffed into that class of
yours, right?
There's bound to be somebody
you can get along with.
Remember, a stranger you
pass in the hallway
could turn out to be
your new best friend.
Or maybe even your future
husband or the father of your
children or something.
But if you don't get to know
them, they'll never be anything
more than strangers.
I know, but what do you
think I should do?
Why don't you try this?!
Hidden among these rolls is one
of Sanae's infamous creations.
Have your classmates pick them
up one at a time like Russian
Roulette!
Hmm...
People do this kind of thing
at parties all the time!
It's guaranteed to be a hit
with the kids!
"Wow that Furukawa sure is a
lot of fun, isn't she?"
"I know! I hope she'll
be my friend."
That's what they'll say.
Gah!
Oh. I understand.
That's how it is, huh?
My bread is nothing but Russian
Roulette to you?!
I... luff hhem!
[Ryou] The six of spades, the
eight of hearts, the nine of
spades...
Six and nine unite to form
number eight, so that means...
[Kyou] I don't know about
accurate, but your fortune
telling certainly is unique.
Look Kyou! It says someone's
going to confess his love to
you!
To me?
That's right! Tomorrow, your
Prince Charming is going to
reveal his feelings at last.
[Sunohara] There's no
turningback now. This is war and
if we want to win, we have to
show her how scary we can be.
I don't know if I want to
beat up a girl.
[Sunohara] No! Fight with words!
[Tomoya] "To my beloved Kyou
Fujibayashi."
"I fell in love with you at
first sight, and would like to
confess my love for you."
"Come to the reference room in
the old school building during
lunch time."
"See you there."
I'm going to sneak it into her
shoe locker first thing
tomorrow.
Then we're can hide in the
shadows and watch while she
reads it and freaks out.
If I got a love letter this
stupid, I'd cry myself to sleep
at night.
It's going to mess with her head
so much, she'll forget all about
us!
Then we'll be able to reak havoc
all we want for the rest of the
year!
They say love is a battlefield,
but I have a feeling this plan
of yours is going to bomb.
Just you wait.
Poor little Kyou won't know
hit her!
[Ryou] I have to set things up
for the welcoming ceremony, so
I'm going to go on ahead.
Okay. I'll see you later then.
Huh?
"To my beloved Kyou
Fujibayashi."
No way! Just like the
fortune said!
How cute! Guess she has a soft
side after all.
For the record, I think this is
absolutely awful.
Hey, what about him over there?
Do you think he's cute?
If I say yes, we'll have to
fight over him, won't we?
I wonder how many people
will join our club.
[student] We need at least two
more to get approved.
Let's ask that guy!
[Nagisa] Good morning everyone.
[girl] Hey, check out thatguy
down there with the big round
head. Doesn't he look like those
things?
You know, they were realpopular,
there were a whole bunch of them
and they had that song...
Shoot, what were they called?
It looked like this.
Ah, it's on the tip of
my tongue. I can't remember.
Yeah, they were all over the
place. They had a whole bunch of
stuffed toys, right?
Oh uh... I know.
All right, it's time for the
welcoming ceremony. Let's go.
[principal] I want to extend a
heartfelt welcome to all the
freshmen joining us today.
I sincerely hope that the years
you spend at the school will be
memorable ones.
[woman] Next, is our
freshman introduction...
Oh no... Am I actually
looking forward to this?
"I've run into some problems,
so please come to the roof."
"Sorry. I think we should meet
in the gym equipment storage
room."
What the heck is this?!
Okay, we've had our fun.
Let's just give it a rest.
No way. This is gold.
We've got to milk it for
all it's worth, man.
Say "Ultra Mom..." Just say
"Ultra Mom..."
Can you believe it?
She still hasn't figured out
that this is a joke.
This is going too far. I think
she's really about to lose her
mind.
I'm just getting started!
Got to hurry... Got to hurry!
[Tomoya] I'm serious. Make this
the last one.
Okay, okay. Let's see...
"I've run into some problems
again, so this time..."
I didn't think this far ahead...
[Kyou] How about, "I'll see you
in Hell"? [Tomoya] Hell, huh?
Ooh, now that's a nice idea!
We'll end the big chase with a
scary cliff hanger!
That's great! I'm so glad you
like my idea!
[screaming]
I thought I really was
going to Hell...
Remind me again why are we
making a big stupid ball out of
sticks?
Because I'm having a bad day now
and I want to vent all my
frustration on the freshmen...
Vicious cycle, huh?
What should I write on the
message inside?
Oh, I know! How about, "Sunohara
and Okazaki, the Chummy Duo. By
Wazzup"?
I'm going to write "Wazzup" in
like, ancient Japanese script so
we can look all hardcore.
I'm not even going to dignify
that with a response. Just give
it up.
Okay, how about, "Youhei and
Tomoya: Going for the gold! By
Wazzup"?
You've really lost me on this
whole "Wazzup" thing.
How about...
"Sunohara and Okazaki, the
European Extreme Ironing Duo,
featuring the Hikarisaka
Brothers in Dinosaur Armageddon.
By Wazzup."
[Tomoya] I didn't know ideas
could get that bad.
Fine, then you write something!
[Tomoya] The banner's going to
fall out when this thing breaks
open, right?
[Sunohara] Yeah. We got to
letthe freshman know high school
is going to be a living Hell for
them.
In that case, I guess this all
I can say.
[girl] What the heck is that?
[guy 1] Whatever it is, it sure
looks suspicious.
[guy 2] Pull it and see
what happens.
[guy 3] No way! I bet the
water's going to fall out of
something like that.
Looks like nobody's falling
for it.
Well yeah, did you really think
anyone was that dumb?
Damn it. So does that mean all
these stupid ass freshmen are
smarter than me?
I don't think there's
anyone stupider than you.
Look!
[Tomoya] Is she a freshman?
[Sunohara] Her emblem is blue.
She's a senior.
[clang]
Oh man! She's got knocked out!
Get her to the nurse's office!
Hey, Okazaki...
Maybe you're not the dumbest
after all.
Furukawa, are you okay?
I think so. My head hurts and
I'm a little confused.
Someone was trying to pull
a prank on the freshmen.
I was watching to see if anyone
would fall for it.
I can't believe it! That was
just like a comedy show-
Oh! I'm sorry.
No, it's okay.
I don't mind at all.
Actually, it's kind of funny.
I've been meaning to talk to you
since yesterday.
Kimura said you didn't have
anyfriends in class but you were
really nice and fun to hang out
with.
She said that about me?
I guess this is a stange way to
meet someone, huh?
Anyway, since we're in the same
class, why don't we be friends?
Uh, sure. But I... I'm not...
Nevermind. Thanks for helping me
out after I hurt my head back
there.
I'm just glad I was there
to see it.
[Kyou] If teaching kindergarten
is this tiring, maybe I should
find a new career.
Did something bad happen?
No. There's a couple of trouble
makers in my class, that's all.
Those idiots had me running
all over the place.
It sounds like you're
complaining but you don't look
like you mind.
Uh, well, I don't really mind.
Not to change the subject,
but did your boobs get bigger?
[chuckle]
All right. What are you up
to this time?
It's Operation Love Letter,
Round Two! The last one was just
a warm up.
This time, I've got a wholestory
planned out about some freshman
who'd fall in love with her at
first sight.
You have a lot of free time.
Too much.
[meow]
[Nagisa] It was my first time
talking to her, so I was a
little nervous.
But she was really nice and
she seemed like lots of fun too.
That's great. I was worried.
It's funny. But I owe it all
to this little banner.
That came out of the big ball
when you pulled the string?
That's right. I thought it'd be
nice to keep it as a memento.
If it wasn't for this, I
don'tknow if I ever would have
found the courage to talk make
friends at school.
"Don't give in to the hardships
ahead of you..."
You're name's too hard for me to
read, but I'm glad you were
there to cheer me on.